OK now I will tell you everything about So first we will start with the landing page then we will click on Login if we have one or else we will click on sign up. Then it will ask for your full name your in your city or college here major area of studying like department of computer science your academic year example first year second year final year next is program layer if you are undergraduate or postgraduate All this information should be saved in database then we will click on continue. Then we will contin registering our email ID and password which will also be saved into the database. Here we will see our main page where there is a calendar so we can manually add my personal events into which will be identified by orange color and then when I click on connect your telegram user ID it should connect to my telegram and in telegram if I have One and in Group one I have kalnirnay bot Then whatever her sent into that group will be extracted through OCR and NLP and it will be saved to this calendar which will be colored in blue color So my personal events and my telegram events are both identified by orange and blue color respectively. On this page it should show as welcome back and first name which I registered on the page. Here I will see all my events on the calendar. When on a particular date it should show as Add event title and notes which will be added to my calendar in orange color which is also saved to a particular users database.. On this page I can see your group events and your personal events separately It should be your upcoming event first and then the next event. When I click on connect your telegram it should take input as my telegram user ID which should be original of telegram. And in Telegram in whichever group I have added this call Kalnirnay bot it should extract the events from that group and show it into this calendar. Basically what bot does it checks if any input is there on the group It sends that input to another Python script as OCR and NLP It will extract all the important details from that image and it will send on that group And has many users are there in that group It will be added to all users calendar end user can check personally on the signing their email ID and check in their calendar. Everything should be dynamic for example if I'm a new user signing into website and then connecting my telegram userid Then I will create a group and add my telegram bot into that group. After adding into that group what are the things we might need to start using which should not be hard coded. If a user is into Group 1 group 2 Group 3 and what is into each and every group so user should all the information extracted from Group One group two group three on his personalized calendar on website if there is user who is only in Group 2 Group 3 and Group 4 then he they extracted information from group two group three and Group 4 and not from group This should be personalized for each and every user. Right now I have not figured out how will the user get notification from his website calendar to his phone into his telegram we might have to create a separate script for it. . When I click on the right side top of CalendarView page it should tell my information my gmail how many upcoming events are there It should not calculate the events which are yesterday and before.  If I connected my telegram userid Then it should tell How many groups are being extracted into the calendar. 

Using this detailed prompt find database which should be there The correct back end connections which should be connected to the front end . if im worng then correct it 